<html>

<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
<meta name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
<title>Minutes APM May 2002</title>
</head>

<body leftmargin="15" bgcolor="#FFFFFF" text="#000000" link="#000000" vlink="#000000"
alink="#000000">
<div align="left">

<table border="0" width="614" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
  <tr>
    <td width="614" height="285"><p align="center"><strong>MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL 
    PARISH MEETING<br>
    HELD IN THE VILLAGE HALL, SOUTH CERNEY<br>
    ON WEDNESDAY 15th MAY 2002</strong>.</p>
    <p align="left">Present: Parish Councillors Bride, Mrs Chapman, Mrs Chubb, 
    Mrs Gardiner, Gardiner, Harris, Mrs Spriggs, Councillors Mrs Clark and Jones 
    (both CDC), Rev. J. Calvert, Roger Edgar (Chairman School Governors) and 
    P.C. George Lager (Gloucestershire Constabulary)</p>
    <p align="left">Apologies were received from Parish Councillors Dunn, 
    Nicholas, Mrs Pearse, Cllr Parsons (GCC). There were 13 members of the 
    public present.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>MINUTES OF LAST MEETING</b><br>
    It was proposed by Cllr Mrs Chubb and seconded by Cllr Harris that the 
    minutes as published were a true record. The meeting was all in favour.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>MATTERS ARISING</b><br>
    There were no matters arising.</p>
    <p align="left">Due to other commitments the report from P.C. George Lager 
    (Gloucestershire Police) was promoted to next in the agenda.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>REPORT BY P.C. LAGER</b></p>
    <p align="left">P.C. George Lager introduced himself as the Rural Beat 
    Officer. This post could be described as a “Rural Watch” without impinging 
    on Neighbourhood Watch. His “beat” included Horses, Public Houses, Churches, 
    Schools etc and covered an area from Didmarton to Lechlade and Birdlip to 
    Cricklade. Police Information Points would be installed and would include a 
    notice board and confidential letter box contents of which would be 
    collected on a weekly basis. This was not an ideal solution but was the 
    second best and a step forward. There were 10 Rural Beat Officers in 
    Gloucestershire with two currently assigned to the Cotswold District. To 
    help the officers to carry out their duties a mobile police motor home, 
    fully equipped with modern communications technology is being supplied. 
    Gloucestershire is the first police district in the country to provide this 
    service.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>QUESTIONS</b></p>
    <table border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="border-collapse: collapse" bordercolor="#111111" width="100%" id="AutoNumber3">
      <tr>
        <td width="6%" valign="top">1. </td>
        <td width="94%">Mr E. Curtis complained about traffic speeding in 
        Broadway Lane. PC Lager asked for specific instances to be reported to 
        him.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="6%" valign="top">2.</td>
        <td width="94%">Cllr Stuart asked that the “rat run” through Upper Up 
        and High Street be patrolled. PC Lager asked at what time? Cllr Stuart 
        thought that between 7am–9am, PC Lager noted his concern.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="6%" valign="top">3.</td>
        <td width="94%">Mr R. Ducker asked when the mobile police motor home 
        would be in operation. The Rural Police Panel had advised him that the 
        vehicles would be arriving. PC Lager replied that sponsorship of £33,000 
        for five years viability had been secured.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="6%" valign="top">4.</td>
        <td width="94%">Cllr Bride asked how many Constables were allocated to 
        the South Cerney Beat as Inspector Wasley said last year that three had 
        been allocated to the Parish. PC Lager replied that only two were 
        allocated as “the bodies” were just not available.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="6%" valign="top">5.</td>
        <td width="94%">Cllr Stuart congratulated the Constabulary for their 
        rapid response to a recent incident at 4am. It only took 8 minutes for a 
        full response.</td>
      </tr>
    </table>
    <p align="left">PC Lager then left the meeting to return to duty.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>CHAIRPERSON’S REPORT</b></p>
    <p align="left">Councillor Mike Stuart is reading this in my absence.</p>
    <p align="left">Having said I would only serve one term as Chairperson I am 
    still in the Chair and will be for the next year also, making my fourth term 
    as Chairperson. I would like to say a big thank you to Maurice McKee whose 
    help has been invaluable and another big thank you to all my fellow 
    councillors for the help they have given me throughout this very difficult 
    year. Thanks also to Cllr Stuart for stepping into my shoes at late notice 
    on more than one occasion. I would also like to say thank you to our two 
    Ward Councillors Mrs Anne Clark and Dr Leslie Jones; and to Councillor Shaun 
    Parsons from Gloucestershire County Council. They have all in turn helped 
    enormously throughout the year.</p>
    <p align="left">I have been pleased to attend the USAF change of command 
    ceremony at RAF Fairford and Beating of Retreat at the 29th Regiment last 
    summer. I was also proud to lay the wreath on behalf of the Parish Council 
    and the community on Remembrance Sunday. In addition to being Chairperson of 
    the Parish Council I am also Chairperson of the Finance Committee and am 
    pleased to report that the current financial position of the Parish Council 
    is in good condition.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>Planning</b></p>
    <p align="left">The Parish Council has considered 93 planning applications 
    of which 2 were withdrawn, 54 granted and 11 refused by Cotswold District 
    Council. We have had numerous meetings regarding the Westbury Homes planning 
    application for the next phase including a public meeting and as you all are 
    aware the Parish Council voted 6 votes to 4 not to object to Westbury Homes’ 
    appeal which will be held on 28th of May at the Memorial Centre in 
    Cirencester.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>Finance</b></p>
    <p align="left">The precept has been set this year at £46,000 up from 
    £31,540 which represents an increase of 30.7% on last year. It was necessary 
    to make this increase to cover the planned improvements to the Upper Up 
    playing field project.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>Village Maintenance</b></p>
    <p align="left">The plans for the Upper Up playing field are nearing the 
    final stages. Meetings have and are still taking place to discuss the final 
    plans for the park. We are getting there ... so watch out for future 
    announcements.</p>
    <p align="left">The new Sports Pavilion is nearly ready for its occupants 
    and I believe that the decorators are, as we meet, completing the interior.</p>
    <p align="left">Mr Wrightson of Kingfisher Place is still very kindly 
    cleaning out the ditch on a purely voluntary basis. Children from the 
    village have been involved with Cllr King and Cllr Nicholas in the process 
    of planning the re-equipping of the playgrounds and their input will be 
    taken notice of.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>Best Kept Village/Bledisloe Cup</b></p>
    <p align="left">South Cerney was judged winners of the Bledisloe Cup for the 
    Best Kept Village in Gloucestershire, Large Village category and awarded a 
    prize of £100. A further award of £250 and a plaque as regional winners was 
    presented for the South West and Western England in the Older People Care 
    Award category.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>Village Floods</b></p>
    <p align="left">From further meetings I have attended with representatives 
    from Thames Water, the Environment Agency, Fosseway Housing and various 
    departments of the CDC, plans are now being put into action by all the 
    professionals who are being very active regarding the serious problems of 
    past flooding in South Cerney. We, as a Council, are still in close contact 
    with all parties. The CDC is still keeping a finger on the very complicated 
    issues and serious problems regarding the flooding especially in Berkeley 
    Close.</p>
    <p align="left">Thank you all for coming. I would like to remind you that 
    most of us Councillors have full time jobs and at 10.30pm really find it 
    very difficult to discuss issues, sometime we have over 50 items of 
    correspondence and my ongoing ambition is to close the meetings at 9.30pm 
    but I fail most times.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>REPORT FROM CLLR MRS ANNE CLARK (CDC)</b></p>
    <p align="left">We have now had nine months of working with the new 
    Political Management scheme, which resulted in CDC’s case of having a Leader 
    with Executive Committee, Community Committee, Environment and Economy 
    Committee, Overview and Scrutiny Committees and one Planning Regulatory 
    Committee which serves the whole District. I have served on this Committee 
    as Vice Chairman and have been reelected to serve for this coming year. The 
    consultation time for the Parish Councils’ comments on planning matters has 
    been reduced to three weeks, which is in line with the rest of the country. 
    We are operating 80% delegation by Officers, which we find is about right, 
    although the Government requires us to work towards 90% delegation, and that 
    the applications should be determined within an 8 week period. Larger 
    applications take longer than this. All Ward Councillors are made aware of 
    all applications being determined, and if a refusal notice is going out this 
    is discussed with the Ward Councillors first. Les and I certainly make a 
    point of discussing all the applications in our Ward with the officers. The 
    applications brought to Committee are the larger applications and the more 
    controversial ones, or where the Officers are recommending refusal and they 
    would prefer a Committee decision. The draft local plan for 2001Ð2011 is now 
    nearing completion and will go out for consultation later in the summer. As 
    you know, no land has been allocated for development in this plan for South 
    Cerney. The application, therefore, made by Westbury for 150 houses was 
    refused. Westbury have appealed against this decision and there will now be 
    an inquiry starting on 28 May and the Inspector’s decision will now be a 
    recommendation which has to be forwarded to the Secretary of State for his 
    approval.</p>
    <p align="left">I have also served on the Capital Grants Panel and am 
    pleased that South Cerney this last year has benefited from £600 towards the 
    improved access into the Playing Fields and £500 for the Website from the 
    Ward Projects Fund. This fund will be phased out after this present 
    financial year and we have all been allocated a much smaller amount per Ward 
    for this year, but there will still be some money available. The Community 
    Grant money will also be reduced over the next 12 months and I am sure Les 
    will report on this in connection with future budgets.</p>
    <p align="left">The alterations to the CDC offices are nearing completion 
    and have to be totally finished by the end of June.The public areas, Council 
    Chamber, Committee rooms etc, will be available for use by the public for 
    conferences, receptions etc, and this will be well publicised in due course, 
    and we hope they will be well used.</p>
    <p align="left">I have acted as a substitute on the Executive Committee on 
    several occasions, and would like to mention that Les has been re-elected 
    with a unanimous vote for this coming year. He is held in high regard as our 
    Leader, and chairs the committee extremely well. They are very focused and 
    examine all the items in great detail before making sometimes very difficult 
    decisions.</p>
    <p align="left">We are always happy to attend your Parish Council meetings 
    and would like to thank the Parish Council for the support its gave us 
    during the year.</p>
    <p align="left"><b>REPORT BY COUNCILLOR DR LESLIE JONES (CDC)</b></p>
    <p align="left">A precised account of Cllr Jones' report to the Annual 
    Parish Meeting follows. Cllr Jones informed the meeting that CDC had 
    reorganised itself on a Committee system in September last year. He 
    explained his new job as Leader of the CDC and the implications for the 
    Revenue Budgets on Council Tax bills. Currently income of £16 million was 
    made up of approximately 25% in Council Tax, £5 million from central 
    government and £5 million in fees and sale of council houses. At the next 
    local council elections in May 2003 the Water Park Ward would have three 
    elected members serving Preston, South Cerney and Somerford Keynes.</p>
    <table border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="border-collapse: collapse" bordercolor="#111111" width="100%" id="AutoNumber4">
      <tr>
        <td width="7%" align="center" valign="top">Q.</td>
        <td width="93%">What was the attitude of CDC to Council Tax on second 
        homes?</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="7%" align="center" valign="top">A.</td>
        <td width="93%">It was the view of the District Council that the tax be 
        charged at the full rate. </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="7%" align="center" valign="top">Q.</td>
        <td width="93%">What were the occupancy conditions of second homes?</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="7%" align="center" valign="top">A.</td>
        <td width="93%">Conditions have been applied that there should be no 
        occupancy of second homes between mid January to mid February.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="7%" align="center" valign="top">Q.</td>
        <td width="93%">Although Cllr Nicholas understood why the Community and 
        Ward Fund grants were to be phased out he complained of the short notice 
        of this very sudden reduction.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="7%" align="center" valign="top">A.</td>
        <td width="93%">Cllr Mrs A. Clark (CDC) replied that due to its success 
        the funds had been eroded to a point where there was between £70,000 and 
        £80,000 left to distribute after the next round of grant decisions.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="7%" align="center" valign="top">Q.</td>
        <td width="93%">Cllr Nicholas observed that there was a deluge of 
        granted applications for second homes in the Water Park and that enough 
        is enough.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="7%" align="center" valign="top">A.</td>
        <td width="93%">Cllr Mrs A. Clark (CDC) explained that he was 
        exaggerating the situation. Many of the decision notices now being 
        issued referred to older applications which had been delayed awaiting 
        Section 106 Agreements. Cllr L. Jones (CDC) noted that in the Somerford 
        Keynes area of the Western Water Park there were approximately 600 
        outline applications and had argued that the local plan should include 
        &quot;enough is enough&quot;.</td>
      </tr>
    </table>
    <p align="left"><b>REPORT BY COUNCILLOR SHAUN PARSONS (GCC)</b></p>
    <p align="left">A precised account of Cllr Parsons' report to the Annual 
    Parish Meeting follows. Cllr Parsons reminded the meeting that he had been 
    re-elected last June. GCC now operated a Cabinet system of 10 members with 
    executive power. There was a balance of 53 members who acted as scrutineers. 
    There was no overall political party in control but a coalition of Liberal 
    Democrats and Labour form the administration. It was hoped that the 
    reorganisation would give a more corporate approach and better integration 
    between the different departments within the County Council. The budget 
    spend is approximately £445 million of which most goes on Education followed 
    by Social Services. Instructions from central government can be confusing 
    with the Home Office demanding that certain measures are taken but the 
    Treasury contradicting the amount of money available. For example central 
    government ask that 8.2% of the budget is spent on Police but only provide 
    5.2%. The difference is made up through Council Tax. Cllr Parsons said that 
    there was less discretion now where money was spent and consequently road 
    repairs suffered but safety was of paramount importance.</p>
    <table border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="border-collapse: collapse" bordercolor="#111111" width="100%" id="AutoNumber1">
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">Q. </td>
        <td width="91%">How have the bollards in High Street and Station Road 
        helped safety?</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">A.</td>
        <td width="91%">They were a cheap but usually controversial means to 
        create traffic calming measures.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">Q.</td>
        <td width="91%">Cllr Stuart informed Cllr Parsons that the general 
        surface of Station Road was the worst in the are and the addition of a 
        red surface which did not cover any potholes was unwanted.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">A.</td>
        <td width="91%">Cllr Parsons would look into it.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">Q.</td>
        <td width="91%">Mr Wrightson stated that the condition of Station Road 
        was disgraceful and suggested that on his departure Cllr Parson drives 
        along it to see for himself. Consideration should also be given to move 
        the 30mph speed limits further out of the village towards the Spine 
        Road.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">A.</td>
        <td width="91%">Cllr Parsons would look into it.</td>
      </tr>
    </table>
    <p><b>REPORT BY MR GRAHAM JAMES ON BEHALF OF THE VICAR, REV J. CALVERT</b></p>
    <p>Due to the absence of the Vicar, Rev. J. Calvert, Mr Graham James gave a 
    report on Church activities to the Annual Parish Meeting. The Church 
    continued to be strongly involved in the local community but more youth 
    helpers were required. There was a monthly service held at Cerney Wick and 
    during August services would also be held at Cotswold Hoburne. There were 
    three main tasks to be undertaken: 1. to improve attendances in Down Ampney; 
    2. provision of youth facilities and 3. encourage new residents to the 
    village to become involved in Church matters through a welcome pack. The 
    Vicar had recently been appointed Chaplain to the army camp. The toilets 
    were now in use and the organ was being rebuilt and its full operation was 
    expected shortly.</p>
    <p><b>REPORT ON ANN EDWARDS SCHOOL BY ROGER EDGAR, CHAIRMAN OF SCHOOL GOVERNORS</b></p>
    <p><b>Personnel</b><br>
    On the teaching staff Ray Nicholas who was on long-term sickness retired on 
    ill-health grounds and Mrs MacFarlane decided not to return following the 
    birth of her baby. Carol Bassett and Emma Turland have taken their places. 
    This year, due to Government initiatives, we were able to take on extra 
    Teaching Assistants to help with Literacy and Numeracy. On the Governors 
    front we have lost Mrs Gill Wrightson a Foundation Governor and are awaiting 
    a replacement from the Diocese. Currently we have 256 pupils on roll, which 
    is about the same as this time last year. The Limes housing first phase 
    development in South Cerney has not resulted in any new pupils so far. Our 
    pupil mobility of around 25% is about the same as last year with 4 months of 
    the school year left. So far it looks as if there will be 38 new entrants in 
    Reception in September.</p>
    <p><b>Governors' Activities<br>
    </b>Governors' meetings and committee have been well attended and there have 
    been some lively discussions. Governors have attended In Service Training 
    days on School Improvement planning, Performance Management and the School 
    Development Plan as well as being involved with the staff in policy review 
    working groups. Governors have paid regular planned visits to the school and 
    have also attended the annual review with the assigned inspector. A number 
    of training courses both during the day and in the evening have been 
    attended so that the Governors can keep up to date with current legislation 
    and practice.</p>
    <p><b>Curriculum and SATS</b><br>
    Our ICT suite with 16 computers continues to be fully utilised and classes 
    have been timetabled sessions each week. Tills has proved to be a very good 
    investment and lias contributed to pupils improving standards. Our results 
    in the Key Stage 2 SATS tests exceeded our expectations and the writing 
    improvement has been sustained and built upon. The school Web site 
    www.annedwards.gloucs.sch.uk is still developing in content by the week. It 
    is linked to the South Cerney virtual tour site and others.</p>
    <p><b>Other Extra Curriculum School Activities</b><br>
    There have been Returnees to Teaching sessions and Family Learning 
    activities run at the school. A Maths week was held which proved enjoyable 
    and exciting to pupils, parents, governors and staff Plans are well underway 
    for an Arts week. The Spelling Challenge organised by Miss Powell has raised 
    £1,800 to support the Arts week. Other after school activities include an 
    after school computer club, gym, netball, football, dance, gardening and the 
    'Bug Club' for those interested in nature and the environment. Thanks must 
    go to the staff for giving their time and energy in organising these 
    activities.</p>
    <p><b>Footsteps - Educating towards a more sustainable future<br>
    </b>We have continued our link with the Joel Omino School in Kisumo and the 
    children regularly contact through pen letters. During the autumn half-term 
    last year two of our teachers Miss Powell and Miss Law visited Joel Omino 
    and in March two teachers from there spent two weeks with us. Tills 
    interchange is providing valuable learn opportunities for all our pupils. We 
    have sent further educational materials with the assistance of the 29th Regt 
    RLC.</p>
    <p><b>D.A.R.E. Project<br>
    </b>PC John Smith of the MOD police 29th Regt RLC has again been running the 
    drug awareness programme for Year 6 pupils called DARE, Drug Abuse 
    Resistance Education. He has the confidence of all the children taking the 
    course and has organised the presentation ceremony for the beginning of 
    June.</p>
    <p><b>Other Activities<br>
    </b>Children have been to the Wilderness Centre for a residential visit. Y6 
    children have entered me Dowty Technology Awards. The school has had visits 
    from The Life Education with sessions for pupils, parents and teachers, also 
    from the various Theatre Groups, the Road Safety Unit and Nick Williams the 
    'Bird Wise' Man. Pupils have taken part in the Cirencester Singing 
    Challenge, a Nature Quiz, the interschools swimming gala, and 6-a-side 
    football tournaments.</p>
    <p><b>REPORT FROM MIKE STUART, CHAIRMAN OF THE VILLAGE HALL MANAGEMENT 
    COMMITTEE</b></p>
    <p>Preparing a report for an AGM is always an interesting project. It is 
    surprising how many things can be so quickly forgotten until you look back 
    through the Minute Book. This is particularly so when the year has been a 
    very busy one such as we have just experienced. It has not been an easy one 
    by anyone's standards but we have got through a lot of work and I think that 
    all in all, the Hall is in better condition now than it was this time last 
    year.</p>
    <p>We have had changes both in the make of this committee and in the 
    caretaker department. We lost our old friend Jean Blackburn the long serving 
    representative of the Art Club. She has been replaced by Derek Lucas who is 
    a welcome addition to our team.</p>
    <p>Diane Cook retired from her caretaker role after many years of top class 
    service to tills village. She was a hard act to follow and we did in fact 
    have very few applicants for the vacancy. Fortunately, Fiona and Nigel 
    Keates stepped into the breach and they have settled into the job superbly. 
    It has been useful having Nigel present at several of the committee meetings 
    as we have received up to date information on the day to day miming of the 
    hall. Many thanks to them both. Long may they continue.</p>
    <p>The various projects we have completed include the refurbishing of the 
    kitchen. That was a really good example of how we can pull together. The 
    work party of volunteers carried out the removal of the old units and 
    another group put the new ones together. Mike Smith did sterling work and 
    rewired the area charging a fraction of the normal price for such a 
    contract. David Dunn supplied the new units at cost and we got them 
    installed by a local fitter at a realistic expense. All in all we got a new 
    kitchen at a low cost and at the same time we had an enjoyable few days. 
    Thanks to all concerned.</p>
    <p>We continued the improvements for disabled users. A new doorway has been 
    provided by altering the old fire exit and by providing a much-improved even 
    pathway to it from the public highway. Tills was financed by a grant of £600 
    from the Ward Fund from the CDC and that was topped up by another cheque 
    from the local Scope organisation in the sum of £300. At the same time 
    lighting to the path was installed. It has been a major improvement.</p>
    <p>The main problem we all encountered in the past year was without doubt 
    the terrible enigma of the possibility of our being given a new hall as a 
    Planning Gain if Westbury Homes obtain planning approval for extra houses on 
    the CAMAS site. Tills application is subject to an appeal, which will be 
    heard at the end of this month. Initially, we were told that we would be 
    given the site plus half the building cost, leaving the village to find at 
    least £200,000 to complete tile project. Tills meant that we had to look at 
    all feasible ways in which we could if the situation came to a head, find 
    the necessary money. It was proposed that the existing hall be valued to 
    enable tills committee and the Parish Council to have all possible figures 
    available if it meant that it was ever proposed that we should sell this 
    hall to finance the new one. I will repeat yet again that at no time did we 
    ever propose nor did we ever vote on putting this hall on the market, as 
    some people believe we did. As it stands at present, if Westbury do obtain 
    approval to build the 150 new houses, and it is by no means a certainty that 
    they will, then we have been told that a new hall will be included in that 
    development and that Westbury will pay for it in total. If that does happen 
    then there could be a case for this village to keep tills hall going 
    alongside the new one. We have some interesting weeks in front of us.</p>
    <p>The uncertainty of the future of this hall meant that the committee put 
    on hold the major improvements to the toilets. We have the planning approval 
    and building regulations all passed and a builder lined up to do the work 
    but naturally his tendered price will need to be reviewed when we decide to 
    start. We have until October 2004 to get these works finished but we intend 
    to make the necessary decisions as soon as the future of this hall has been 
    set.</p>
    <p>Financing any village hall is a nightmare and this one is no exception. 
    If anyone wishes to see them I have copies of the annual accounts here 
    tonight. They show that despite the increase in bookings over the past year, 
    we continue to be unable to break even and I must emphasise that without the 
    annual contribution from the Parish Council this hall could not be kept 
    going. To be self-financing we would require the hall to be used regularly 
    during the daytime most days of the week. There is no way in which this is 
    likely to happen unless we permit business use and even that is unlikely to 
    happen. However, there is a new scheme starting this coming Saturday when we 
    have the first of hopefully many film shows sponsored by the CDC. All the 
    net profit goes into the hall funds. If my mathematics are correct, we stand 
    to make £1.50 minimum profit per person - so if 50 turn up on the night we 
    can make at least £75. It will be interesting to see how many people turn up 
    on the night and how the money rolls in. Many thanks to Sarah and David 
    Smith for taking over the majority of the running of tills project and also 
    to Hilary for her input as well.</p>
    <p>With the exception of the Parish Council I suggest that the village hall 
    committee is perhaps one of tile most active organisations in this 
    community. Being made up of representatives of many local organisations plus 
    some elected members, we get a really good cross section of the village at 
    our meetings. We have some pretty hairy discussions, at times very warm to 
    say the least but when it comes down to brass tacks, we are all there to 
    achieve the same objective namely to provide South Cerney with as good a 
    village hall as we are able to.</p>
    <p><b>OPEN FORUM</b></p>
    <p>Members of the public were encouraged to question their representatives 
    from the Parish Council, District Council and the County Councillor on 
    matters of concern.</p>
    <table border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="border-collapse: collapse" bordercolor="#111111" width="100%" id="AutoNumber2">
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">Q.</td>
        <td width="91%">Mr Peter Jay asked how the GCC budget for youth 
        facilities affected local children? South Cerney youth did not seem to 
        benefit.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">A. </td>
        <td width="91%">Cllr Parsons (GCC) informed him that the portfolio 
        holder was Mr Brian Large but he may have been changed recently. He will 
        enquire. Cllr Nicholas stated that from his involvement with the local 
        school he was aware that parents were very proud of it.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">Q.</td>
        <td width="91%">How much would the licences for showing the films cost?</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">A.</td>
        <td width="91%">Cllr Stuart reported that the Performing Rights Society 
        would be £3.30. Cinematographic would allow 6 free shows per year but a 
        licence for further performances could cost £300. Cllr Stuart reminded 
        the meeting that the DVD film show would start on Saturday 18 May and he 
        hoped that it would be well supported.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">Q.</td>
        <td width="91%">David Smith asked where was the money coming for 
        improvements to the village hall?</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td width="9%" align="center" valign="top">A.</td>
        <td width="91%">Cllr Stuart informed him that grants would be applied 
        for with the help of Gloucestershire Rural Community Council. Under the 
        Disability Discrimination Act all public buildings must conform by 2004. 
        Cllr Stuart informed the meeting that the Jubilee Celebrations would 
        coincide with the Street Fair but plans had been made to hold a gala at 
        Atkyns Manor which would start at 9am and finish about 10.30pm. Cllr 
        Nicholas reported that the Parish Council web site with thanks to 
        Raymond Fenton was now up and running providing a very useful amount of 
        information. Mr Fenton had suggested that an events calendar be added to 
        provide an integral part of the day to day activities in the village. Mr 
        S. Beard complained that young cyclists were abusing the footpath 
        between High Street and School Lane and suggested some sort of bollards 
        be erected to control the nuisance. He was also concerned about a change 
        to a planning application which he thought would affect his property. 
        Cllr Nicholas, Chairman of the Parish Council Planning Committee would 
        look into this. Mr I. Roberts also complained about the cyclists using 
        the footpaths especially opposite the village hall in School Lane. Cllr 
        Stuart suggested that if a local skateboard area could be erected that 
        this might help. Mr P. Jay was not in favour of a recent announcement 
        that the government was considering creating regional assemblies. He 
        urged people to reject the idea in any referendum. He wanted to see more 
        power delegated to the grass roots through local authorities.</td>
      </tr>
    </table>
    <p>There being no further business Cllr Stuart closed the meeting at 9.30pm.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  </table>
</div>
</body>
</html>